(DOCS-4312) Update formatting and alt text (#16204)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/azure-portal.md

### Change plan

Select **Change Plan** on the overview page to change your Datadog billing plan.

{{< img src="integrations/guide/azure_portal/change-plan1.png" alt="The Datadog resource page within the Azure portal, with Overview selected along the left nav bar and the Change Plan tab highlighted" responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}

> The portal retrieves all the available Datadog plans for your tenant, this includes any private offers. Select the appropriate plan and click **Change Plan**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The portal retrieves all the available Datadog plans for your tenant, including any private offers. Select the appropriate plan and click **Change Plan**.
```
